[Music]
good morning welcome to breakfast
this morning with naga manchetti and
charlie state our headlines today
human remains have been found in the
search for missing sarah everard
a metropolitan police officer is being
questioned
i speak on behalf of all my colleagues
when i say that we are utterly
appalled at this dreadful dreadful news
euron the family of a football fan who
died from covid
asked why thousands of spanish
supporters were allowed to go to a match
in liverpool on the day the outbreak was
declared a global pandemic
helping those who saved his life a boy
who suffered life-changing burns in a
fire that killed his younger brother
raises money for the charity that got
him back on his feet the future of john
lewis and the high street good morning
are the big closures coming for one of
the biggest names in retail and how a
town centre's coping with our new
shopping habits good morning liverpool
march on
in europe they brush aside their
problems at home in the premier league
to reach the quarter-finals of the
champions league in a home leg played in
hungary
and did the wins wiki last night well
hardly surprising wales had its
strongest wind gusts
since february last year how quickly
were those onesies down i'll have your
details here on breakfast
[Music]
good morning it's thursday the 11th of
march our top story this morning police
investigating the disappearance of sarah
everard
in south london have found human remains
in woods
in kent the 33 year old has been missing
since last week
a serving police officer is being
questioned on suspicion of her kidnap
and murder aruna eyenga has more
all along the route sarah took from
clapham common over a week ago
posters bearing her image are stuck to
every lamppost and bus stop
appealing for information but yesterday
evening police search teams
investigating sarah's disappearance
discovered what appears to be human
remains in woodland
in ashford kent police say they're not
yet able to confirm any identity
and that may take considerable time
officers also searched this house in
deal kent
cars were taken away it's believed to be
the home of a serving police officer
he's been arrested on suspicion of
sarah's kidnap and murder
and over a separate allegation of
indecent exposure
the officer in his forties was
responsible for guarding diplomatic
buildings
he was not on duty on the night sarah
disappeared
a woman in her thirties was also
arrested on suspicion of assisting an
offender
the news today that it was a
metropolitan police officer
who was arrested on suspicion of sarah's
murder
has sent shock waves
and anger through the public
and through the met i speak
on behalf of all my colleagues when i
say
that we are utterly appalled
sarah's disappearance in these awful and
wicked circumstances
i know are every family's worst
nightmare
the met commissioner said it was
incredibly rare for a woman to be
abducted from our streets
but patrols have been stepped up in this
area of south
london sarah a marketing executive had
been at her friend's house on leithwaite
road
close to clapham common she left there
at around nine in the evening to return
to her home in brixton
about 50 minutes walk away police
believe she made her way across clapham
common
this footage showed sarah on pointers
road part of london's south circular
road
at around 9 30. it's the last time she
was seen
sarah's family is being supported by
specialist police officers
her family and friends still want people
to come forward
to help police with anything they saw
that night
aruna aienga bbc news
the head of a uk press body has resigned
over the statement he issued following
the duke and duchess of sussex's
comments about racism
in the media ian murray said he would
step down from his role at the society
of editors so it could
rebuild its reputation on monday he
defended newspapers against the
accusation they were bigoted
but he later faced criticisms for those
comments
cancer patients get less protection than
the rest of the population from a single
dose of the five zikron virus vaccine
that's according to a new study
scientists behind the research at king's
college london and the francis
crick institute have called for those
affected to receive their second dose
more quickly
their leading charity cancer research uk
said the findings were interesting but
urge patients to continue to follow
doctor's advice
nearly 20 lgbt plus organizations and
campaigners have written to the
equalities minister to express their
deep concern following her response to
calls to ban so-called
conversion therapy campaigners say kemi
badanov phase
failed to engage with recent calls for
urgent action
the letter comes after two advisers quit
the government's lgbt
advisory panel yesterday in protest the
government says it's committed to
building a country where everyone is
free to live their lives
the amount of sugar consumed by british
households from soft drinks alone has
fallen since the introduction of a sugar
tax
in 2018. this according to new research
from the university of cambridge which
suggests that an
average drop of around 10 percent here's
more from our health correspondent
anna collinson obesity is seen as one of
the biggest health crises facing the uk
to try and tackle the problem three
years ago the government brought in
attacks to discourage customers
particularly children from buying the
most sugary drinks
if a beverage contains more than five
grams of sugar per 100 millimeters
companies have to pay a levy if it's
below that they don't
now a study suggests that in the year
since this was introduced there was no
change in the total volume of soft
drinks bought
but there was a reduction in the amount
of sugar consumed
an estimated three teaspoons per person
per week
researchers believe it's because
manufacturers have increased healthier
options
by changing the formulas for their
products reducing sugar content
it's not just helping people to have
healthier diets to consume less sugar
but the fact that we found no change in
the total volume
of drinks purchased suggests us that
this is uh
good news for industry as well that
they're selling the same volume of
product but that it's
perhaps better for us experts say
cutting out
even the smallest amount of sugar will
have an impact on the number of people
who have obesity
and type 2 diabetes two groups who are
particularly at risk of coronavirus
anna collinson bbc news
some breakfast yesterday we bid farewell
to chinua an eight-year-old black rhino
who is preparing to embark on a 4
000 mile journey from north yorkshire to
tanzania
she's on her way now luxmi gopal has
been following the first leg
of what's going to be an epic voyage
take a look
chanua has been training for this moment
for weeks
her keepers in yorkshire have worked on
coaxing the eight-year-old black rhino
to step into the crate
and now for the final time the barrier
comes down
and she's safely stowed ready to start
her journey to africa
getting a crate holding a one-ton rhino
onto a lorry is no mean feat
but this precious cargo is worth the
effort
chinua's new life in east africa is part
of a vital conservation mission
to help revive the black rhino
population a critically endangered
species
she's traveling from her home in moulton
down to hive
in kent where she'll spend time with two
other captive females before they're all
transported by
air to tanzania to join a new herd of
rhinos brought there from
other zoos like her predecessor almati
who was
moved to rwanda in 2019 her transition
to life in the wild will be gradual
with the team helping the herd adjust we
need to assimilate them to
the natural diet in the area wean them
off of the um
the zoo food which we've um we've been
feeding her and the dried pellets and
start introducing her to
local flora specifically alfalfa
it's a long drive down to kent luckily
she seems to be a calm passenger
even when a stop off at the services is
needed
and finally the first leg of her journey
is complete
luxmi gopal bbc news
[Music]
see the headlines as they happen and
watch bbc news live in the app and get
the full story with bbc dot co dot uk
forward slash news follow the story for
all the latest with bbc news